# Self-Introduction

After completing three and a half years in the Computer Science program, focusing on data and software engineering, I have been exposed to various programming languages and developed a strong mindset to solve complex problems.
While in the program, I learned to think out of the box and always consider the interaction between the user and the software, such as the safety and security of the software, the functionality, and the design, and how easy and intuitive it will be for my user to operate the software. I also learned to think beyond the lines of code I wrote and consider the other developers who will maintain my code by following best practices and crediting others’ work. Ultimately, I learned that everything is possible and the sky is the limit. If there is something I can’t solve today, it doesn’t mean it is not solvable, but rather that there is a new skill that I must learn and develop in order to tackle and solve the problem.
Throughout the enhancements, I will demonstrate my ability to develop functional code by sticking to various modern software design principles, such as object-oriented programming, and following best practices to support my work. I will also demonstrate my skills in designing and testing computing solutions using algorithms while outlining trade-offs in my design decisions. Similarly, I will demonstrate a security-focused mindset that minimizes threats, identifies and mitigates design flaws, and ensures the privacy and safety of data. Clearly, to achieve my targets, I will use proven and innovative computing tools and techniques to meet industry goals and suite them to the audience and situation.
With that said, the skills I developed will help me succeed in the field of computer science as a full-stack developer working individually or as a part of a multi-talent team that is focused on quality, functionality, and security. My skills in developing a well-designed and functional front-end, managing a neat, well-structured database at the back-end, and integrating them will be a valuable asset that can be applied across almost every business and field, such as banking, healthcare, entertainment, and more. Hence, while this is only a cornerstone in my journey to become an expert AI developer, developing my skills in full-stack development and expanding my knowledge into more advanced designs and implementations will be a great starting point. 
